List of test cases

01 - Simple cache, perform one call, get tstamp. Perform another call, the 
timestamp shall be the same. Perform another call, to get second record in cache. 
Use xadmin cs and xadmin cd to dup the results. Before test db shall be cleaned 
up with xadmin ci <dbname>.


02 - Test service dissappear after server shutdown. After bootup have cached results
as "clrnosvc" was not specified for db. Two db setup.

03 - Test "clrnosvc", the cached results after boot shall dissappear.

04 - timed cache with expiry. Use different service cache and different database. 
Use flag to drop the db at startup, by ndrxd. Record shall be limited to 10seconds. 
Add few recs, check they exist in cache with `cs'. wait 10 sec, 
they should be removed from cache. DB set expiry=10s

05 - refresh local cache by special key. tpcache config refreshrule=<some expr>

06 - boot cache reset tests, try to reboot the only tpcachebt server, no
changes shall be made to cache

07 - negative response caching tests (rsprule)

08 - invalidate their (two add services, inval 1, inval 2, cache result)

09 - limited cache, LRU tests

10 - limited cache, HITS tests, if running on linux, try /dev/shm as storage
folder

11 - limited cache, fifo tests

12 - limited cache, HITS + expiry

13 - simple domain operations, check one way replication, domain 1 add, domain 1 delete.
should be replicated on domain 2.

14 - test timesync for caches, call DOM1 no cache add, call DOM2 no cache add. Check
caches, there shall be duplicates. Run queries on first and second domains, 
the duplicates shall be removed. Do the same data add of duplicates, the tpcached
started laster, shall clean up duplicates too.

15 - keygroup tests. Build a keygroup, a groupdb have longer expiry, keyitems
have shorter expiry. In short period of time burst requests for number of records, 
at the end we shall be rejected. Wait a time, some keyitems shall be removed,
but some shall live again, run some unique requests, we shall got rejects on new
reqs. Wait some time, the full group shall be dropped and once cached keys should
should be new again.

16 - keygroup, expiry by group. Clean up all records.

17 - keygroup tests with limit functionality, for example fifo..

18 - Drop cache tests (CLI). Two modes normal DB and keygroup dbs.

19 - Multi-threaded operations. We configure simple cache, but call it with
multiple pthreads. From the same client. Also test multi-process DB access.
Run serveral testtools on the same database.

20 - Delete buffer configuration, one test with insufficient field defintions
and another cache with sufficient. For insufficient we use list of fields,
for suffcient we use regexp.

21 - test defaults (minimum settings to cache)

22 - test what happens if cache is full? This could be also case when running
in hits mode? Will it be able to update?

